Update limitations.md (#211)
north-road/slyr: docs/src/user_guide/limitations.md

> simplifying the original ArcMap/ArcGIS Pro symbology to use simpler styling
> choices.

## Symbology - Units

> ArcPro is unable to support map units based symbol sizes. If your qgis symbol is using sizes with the "map units" or "meters at scale" type, you'll need change the type to a fixed-unit size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArcPro cannot support map units based symbol sizes. If your QGIS symbology is using sizes with the "map units" or "meters at scale" types, you'll need to change the type to something compatible with ArcGIS Pro's capabilities.
```

> ArcPro cannot support map units based symbol sizes. If your QGIS symbology is using sizes with the "map units" or "meters at scale" types, you'll need to change the type to something compatible with ArcGIS Pro's capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current ArcGIS Pro versions do not support map unit based symbol sizes. If your QGIS symbology is using sizes with the "map units" or "meters at scale" types, you'll need to change the type to something compatible with ArcGIS Pro's capabilities.
```
